[docs] Add more guideline on using ray in slurm cluster (#12819)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/cluster/slurm.rst

Below, we do the same thing, but for each worker. Make sure the Ray head and Ray worker processes are not started on the same node.

.. literalinclude:: /cluster/examples/slurm-basic.sh
   :language: bash
   :start-after: __doc_worker_ray_start__
   :end-before: __doc_worker_ray_end__

Submitting your script
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Finally, you can invoke your Python script:

.. literalinclude:: /cluster/examples/slurm-basic.sh
   :language: bash
   :start-after: __doc_script_start__

Python-interface SLURM scripts
------------------------------

[Contributed by @pengzhenghao] Below, we provide a helper utility (:ref:`slurm-launch.py <slurm-launch>`) to auto-generate SLURM scripts and launch.
``slurm-launch.py`` uses an underlying template (:ref:`slurm-template.sh <slurm-template>`) and fills out placeholders given user input.

You can feel free to copy both files into your cluster for use. Feel free to also open any PRs for contributions to improve this script!

Usage example
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

If you want to utilize a multi-node cluster in slurm:

.. code-block:: bash

    python slurm-launch.py --exp-name test --command "python your_file.py" --num-nodes 3

> If you want to specify the computing nodes, just use the same node name in ``sinfo`` command:

Author: ```suggestion
If you want to specify the computing node(s), just use the same node name(s) in the same format of the output of ``sinfo`` command:
```

.. code-block:: bash

>     python slurm-launch.py --exp-name test --command "python your_file.py" --num-nodes 3 --node chpc-cn[003-005]

Author: Maybe change the name `chic-cn[003-005]` to a placeholder like `NODE_NAMES` or so would be better.

If you want to utilize multiple computing node in slurm and let ray recognizes them, please use:

.. code-block:: bash
    python launch.py --exp-name test --command "python your_file.py" --num-nodes 3

If you want to specify the computing nodes, just use the same node name in `sinfo` command:

.. code-block:: bash
    python launch.py --exp-name test --command "python your_file.py" --num-nodes 3 --node chpc-cn[003-005]

There are other options you can use when calling `python launch.py`:

* `--exp-name`: The experiment name. Will generate `{exp-name}_{date}-{time}.sh` and  `{exp-name}_{date}-{time}.log`.
* `--command`: The command you wish to run. For example: `rllib train XXX` or `python XXX.py`.
* `--num-gpus`: The number of GPUs you wish to use in each computing node. Default: 0.
* `--node` (`-w`): The specify nodes you wish to use, in the same form of the return of `sinfo`. Automatically assign if not specify.
* `--num-nodes` (`-n`): The number of nodes you wish to use. Default: 1.

> * `--partition` (`-p`): The partition you wish to use. Default: "chpc" (CUHK cluster partition name, change to yours!)

Reviewer: Is chpc a common convention for naming slurm partitions? If not, maybe we should remove the default and make this a required flag

Author: Now I have change the default partition to "", in which case the slurm will look for the default partition for the user.

        )
        parser.add_argument(
            "--command", type=str, required=True,
            help="The command you wish to execute. For example: --command 'python "
                 "test.py' Note that the command must be a string."
        )
        args = parser.parse_args()

        if args.node:
            # assert args.num_nodes == 1
            node_info = "#SBATCH -w {}".format(args.node)
        else:
            node_info = ""

        job_name = "{}_{}".format(
            args.exp_name,
            time.strftime("%m%d-%H%M", time.localtime())
        )

        # ===== Modified the template script =====
        with open(template_file, "r") as f:
            text = f.read()
        text = text.replace(JOB_NAME, job_name)
        text = text.replace(NUM_NODES, str(args.num_nodes))
        text = text.replace(NUM_GPUS_PER_NODE, str(args.num_gpus))
        text = text.replace(PARTITION_NAME, str(args.partition))
        text = text.replace(COMMAND_PLACEHOLDER, str(args.command))
        text = text.replace(LOAD_ENV, str(args.load_env))
        text = text.replace(GIVEN_NODE, node_info)

>         text = text.replace(COMMAND_SUFFIX, "")

Author: Removed.

        text = text.replace(
            "# THIS FILE IS A TEMPLATE AND IT SHOULD NOT BE DEPLOYED TO "
            "PRODUCTION!",
            "# THIS FILE IS MODIFIED AUTOMATICALLY FROM TEMPLATE AND SHOULD BE "
            "RUNNABLE!"
        )

        # ===== Save the script =====
        script_file = "{}.sh".format(job_name)
        with open(script_file, "w") as f:
            f.write(text)

        # ===== Submit the job =====
        print("Start to submit job!")
        subprocess.Popen(["sbatch", script_file])
        print(
            "Job submitted! Script file is at: <{}>. Log file is at: <{}>".format(
                script_file, "{}.log".format(job_name))
        )
        sys.exit(0)

> The advanced SBATCH template `sbatch_template.sh`
> ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The advanced SBATCH template `sbatch_template.sh`
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
```
